Add README.md for `Bridge*/` and `Function/` directories (#75089)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: src/Bridge/README.md

Contains functionality to implement "bridges". A bridge is a separate binary which provides special functionality that is deliberately not
part of the ClickHouse server. Examples:
- the odbc-bridge - for connecting to ClickHouse via ODBC
- the library-bridge - for loading libraries at runtime (e.g. libcatboost.ai)

The clickhouse server and the bridge binary communicate via HTTP.

> Separate bridge binaries exist is usually that the provided functionality is toxic garbage, or otherwise buggy, sporadically crashing, etc.

Reviewer: Perhaps a little better :) ?
```suggestion
Separate bridge binaries exist but the functionality that they provide is usually not  very useful and are often buggy, can lead to sporadic crashes, etc.
```

Author: Done
